Step 5 does not show the option (#1735)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Support: SharePoint/OneDrive/storage/check-storage-increase-eligibility.md

1. If the tests detect that the user's OneDrive site can be upgraded to exceed the 5 TB quota, select **Update Settings** for the diagnostic to process the increase.

    :::image type="content" source="media/check-storage-increase-eligibility/not-configured.png" alt-text="Need Help window says your tenant is not configured to increase a user's OneDrive quota beyond 5 TB.":::
    
> [!NOTE]  

> > If you are not receiving option to update settings, contact [Microsoft Support](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=869559) to enable boost storage for your tanent. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you do not receive the option to update settings, contact [Microsoft Support](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=869559) to enable boost storage for your tenant. 
```
